SOURCE: https://library.iitj.ac.in/

Faculty Members, Students, and Staff Members of IIT Jodhpur, may please use the following form to request articles that are outside the Library collection of journal resources.
Inter-Library Loan Request Form
Inter-Library Loan Request Form
Off-Campus Resource Access Tool/Remote Access Tool
NDLI Catalogues of other IITs NPTEL
बोधिवृक्ष IITJ Repository
परिज्ञान (Insight)
IITJ Research Data Visualization
One Nation One Subscription (An initiative of Govt. of India) The Prime Minister emphasized the significance of research during his 2022 Independence Day address, coining the phrase "Jai Anusandhan." Aligning with NEP 2020 and the vision of Viksit Bharat@2047, the Government launched the One Nation One Subscription (ONOS) scheme to ensure nationwide access to global scholarly resources for researchers and academic institutions. Click here to Access
One Nation One Subscription (An initiative of Govt. of India)
The Prime Minister emphasized the significance of research during his 2022 Independence Day address, coining the phrase "Jai Anusandhan." Aligning with NEP 2020 and the vision of Viksit Bharat@2047, the Government launched the One Nation One Subscription (ONOS) scheme to ensure nationwide access to global scholarly resources for researchers and academic institutions.
Writings and Speeches of Dr. B.R. Ambedkar The digital resources comprising Dr. B. R. Ambedkar's collected writings and speeches which are available in following open-source links. Dr Ambedkar Foundation, GoI Ministry of External Affairs, GoI
Writings and Speeches of Dr. B.R. Ambedkar
The digital resources comprising Dr. B. R. Ambedkar's collected writings and speeches which are available in following open-source links.
Multimedia Fluid Mechanics Online Library has access to the Multimedia Fluid Mechanincs Online Click here to Access
Multimedia Fluid Mechanics Online
Library has access to the Multimedia Fluid Mechanincs Online
IOP e-Books Library provides you the access to the IOP e-Books Click here to Access
Library provides you the access to the IOP e-Books